---
title: "Pulsar v1.130.1: Hotfix for Windows"
author: DeeDeeG
date: 2025-10-09
category:
  - dev
tag:
  - release
---

Pulsar [1.130.1](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/releases/tag/v1.130.1) is available now, fixing the broken Windows release of v1.130.0.

<!-- more -->

## Pulsar v1.130.1: Hotfix for Windows

Hotfix: Restore Windows app to working condition, after it was mis-built in v1.130.0.

Description of the issue affecting v1.130.0 on Windows: The Windows version of the app was broken, due to its native C/C++ dependencies remaining built for NodeJS when electron-rebuild failed, and due to our CI being mistakenly configured in a way that hid the failure. Electron-rebuild failed in CI due to a missing Windows 10 SDK.

Resolution: We have worked around the missing Windows 10 SDK issue in CI by installing it manually, and also updated our CI workflow so that a failure of electron-rebuild would be more likely to be caught.

Note: Binaries for macOS and Linux are also provided to make it simple to find the latest binaries for all platforms attached to one GitHub Release. Other than coming from a new CI run with a new patch version bump, there should be no other changes from v1.130.0 on macOS or Linux.

Thank you very much to our community members for quickly reporting this issue and helping to confirm the fix.

As always, a huge thank you to our community, contributors, and donations.
Happy coding, and see you amongst the stars!
\- The Pulsar Team

---

## 1.130.1

- Fixed broken Windows build that affected Pulsar v1.130.0
- Updated our CI to not miss this particular type of build failure, should it occur again

### Pulsar

- [ci] Fix Windows Builds by manually installing the Win10 SDK [@confused-Techie](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/pull/1351)
- CI: Split 'yarn build' and 'yarn build:apm' into separate steps [@DeeDeeG](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/pull/1353)
